I do not know how we talked about it in the video
From now
and we are going to make an insecticide that
will eliminate the aphid what had the
plague that he has
the mango plant that we had climbed
a video as well as two or three hours
all we need is this
He gave me a little more than a glass of water
and two cigarettes
It was not like medication
so what to do with this is to leave it
and leave them there for a day because if
we go up to
almost at 6 tomorrow the other day we're going
to take out almost at 6
then you can say that tomorrow
soon we will add a video to you as they are
pending and look in the rest of
our videos to be informed
well what we are doing then
I hope what I wanted to show you
and between the next one we will show it
what are the plants that
they have the concorde if they have not seen in the
video
we are going to show you
you see these plants
these plants are what we are going to
throw
to them cigarettes
in the morning
here if you have not seen one of the other
video
with a sprayer a ghana sprayer
chará and
and then it will happen removing or if the day does not
it has been removed the same they are going to
throw
remove it gently
these are still very small but
still has in the aphid has has the
plague then friend we tell you that they give
our videos we watched videos
every eight days Friday to Sunday always
I like pianos ask for the videos what
want
I like it